docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. comment
    Copyright (c) MONAI Consortium
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

===========
MONAI Label
===========

*The Leading Open Platform for Medical Data Labeling with AI*

MONAI Label is an intelligent open source image labeling and learning tool that enables
users to create annotated datasets and build AI annotation models for clinical evaluation.
MONAI Label enables application developers to build labeling apps in a *serverless* way,
where custom labeling apps are exposed as a service through the MONAI Label Server.

**Sample Apps in MONAILabel**

Example developed labeling apps for use. Learn more apps and MONAILabel use cases here.

.. figure:: ../images/sampleApps_index.jpeg
  :alt: MONAI Label Apps

Radiology
   This app has example models to do both interactive and automated segmentation over radiology (3D)
   images. Including auto segmentation with latest deep learning models (e.g., UNet, UNETR) for multiple abdominal
   organs. Interactive tools includes DeepEdit and Deepgrow for actively improve trained models and deployment.

Pathology
   This app has example models to do both interactive and automated segmentation over pathology (WSI)
   images. Including nuclei multi-label segmentation for Neoplastic cells, Inflammatory, Connective/Soft tissue cells, Dead Cells, and
   Epithelial. The app provides interactive tools includes DeepEdits for interactive nuclei segmentation.

Bundle
   The Bundle app enables users with customized models for inference, training or pre and post processing any target
   anatomies. The specification for MONAILabel integration of the Bundle app links archived Model-Zoo for customized labeling
   (e.g., the third-party transformer model for labeling renal cortex, medulla, and pelvicalyceal system. Interactive tools such as DeepEdits).

*Deploy Labeling and Medical AI Faster*

The end-to-end ecosystem from research stage to easy model deployment. Combining clinical
imaging data visualizations, curations with the model inference. After labeling automatically,
the visualization tools provide flexibility for label correction. The active learning modules
can learn the new labels online to fine tune the current AI models. The fine-tuned model can be
improved and used for next batch of labeling task.

.. figure:: ../images/workflow.jpeg
  :alt: MONAI Label Auto Segmentation and Interactive Workflow

**Features and Highlights**

MONAI Label reduces the time and effort of annotating new datasets and enables the adaptation
of AI to the task at hand by continuously learning from user interactions and data. MONAI Label
allows researchers and developers to make continuous improvements to their apps by allowing them
to interact with their apps at the user would. End-users (clinicians, technologists, and annotators
in general) benefit from AI continuously learning and becoming better at understanding what the
end-user is trying to annotate.

MONAI Label aims to fill the gap between developers creating new annotation applications, and
the end users which want to benefit from these innovations.

-----------------
Table of Contents
-----------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   whatsnew
   installation
   quickstart
   modules
   appdeployment
   apis

------------
Contributing
------------

For guidance on making a contribution to MONAI, see the `contributing guidelines
<https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_.

-----
Links
-----

- Website: https://monai.io/
- API documentation: https://docs.monai.io/projects/label
- Code: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel
- Project tracker: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/projects
- Issue tracker: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/issues
- Changelog: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
- Wiki: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/wiki
- Test status: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/actions
- PyPI package: https://pypi.org/project/monailabel/
- Weekly previews: https://pypi.org/project/monailabel-weekly/

------------------
Indices and tables
------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

fix cvat links due to cvat doc http migration; fix endoscopy description
Signed-off-by: tangy5 <yucheng.tang@vanderbilt.edu>

docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. comment
    Copyright (c) MONAI Consortium
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

===========
MONAI Label
===========

*The Leading Open Platform for Medical Data Labeling with AI*

MONAI Label is an intelligent open source image labeling and learning tool that enables
users to create annotated datasets and build AI annotation models for clinical evaluation.
MONAI Label enables application developers to build labeling apps in a *serverless* way,
where custom labeling apps are exposed as a service through the MONAI Label Server.

**Sample Apps in MONAILabel**

Example developed labeling apps for use. Learn more apps and MONAILabel use cases here.

.. figure:: ../images/sampleApps_index.jpeg
  :alt: MONAI Label Apps

Radiology
   This app has example models to do both interactive and automated segmentation over radiology (3D)
   images. Including auto segmentation with latest deep learning models (e.g., UNet, UNETR) for multiple abdominal
   organs. Interactive tools includes DeepEdit and Deepgrow for actively improve trained models and deployment.

Pathology
   This app has example models to do both interactive and automated segmentation over pathology (WSI)
   images. Including nuclei multi-label segmentation for Neoplastic cells, Inflammatory, Connective/Soft tissue cells, Dead Cells, and
   Epithelial. The app provides interactive tools includes DeepEdits for interactive nuclei segmentation.

Bundle
   The Bundle app enables users with customized models for inference, training or pre and post processing any target
   anatomies. The specification for MONAILabel integration of the Bundle app links archived Model-Zoo for customized labeling
   (e.g., the third-party transformer model for labeling renal cortex, medulla, and pelvicalyceal system. Interactive tools such as DeepEdits).

Endoscopy App
   The Endoscopy app enables users to use interactive, automated segmentation and classification models over 2D images for endoscopy usecase.
   Combined with CVAT, it will demonstrate the fully automated Active Learning workflow to train + fine-tune a model.

*Deploy Labeling and Medical AI Faster*

The end-to-end ecosystem from research stage to easy model deployment. Combining clinical
imaging data visualizations, curations with the model inference. After labeling automatically,
the visualization tools provide flexibility for label correction. The active learning modules
can learn the new labels online to fine tune the current AI models. The fine-tuned model can be
improved and used for next batch of labeling task.

.. figure:: ../images/workflow.jpeg
  :alt: MONAI Label Auto Segmentation and Interactive Workflow

**Features and Highlights**

MONAI Label reduces the time and effort of annotating new datasets and enables the adaptation
of AI to the task at hand by continuously learning from user interactions and data. MONAI Label
allows researchers and developers to make continuous improvements to their apps by allowing them
to interact with their apps at the user would. End-users (clinicians, technologists, and annotators
in general) benefit from AI continuously learning and becoming better at understanding what the
end-user is trying to annotate.

MONAI Label aims to fill the gap between developers creating new annotation applications, and
the end users which want to benefit from these innovations.

-----------------
Table of Contents
-----------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   whatsnew
   installation
   quickstart
   modules
   appdeployment
   apis

------------
Contributing
------------

For guidance on making a contribution to MONAI, see the `contributing guidelines
<https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_.

-----
Links
-----

- Website: https://monai.io/
- API documentation: https://docs.monai.io/projects/label
- Code: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel
- Project tracker: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/projects
- Issue tracker: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/issues
- Changelog: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
- Wiki: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/wiki
- Test status: https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/actions
- PyPI package: https://pypi.org/project/monailabel/
- Weekly previews: https://pypi.org/project/monailabel-weekly/

------------------
Indices and tables
------------------

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
