sample-apps/deepedit_multilabel/README.md, before:

# DeepEdit Default App

### Model Overview

This MONAI Label App is based on DeepEdit: an algorithm that combines the capabilities of multiple models into one, allowing for both interactive and automated segmentation.

DeepEdit App works in both 3DSlicer plugin and OHIF viewer. Researchers/clinicians can also place their studies in either the file archive or a DICOMweb server (i.e. Orthanc) to use DeepEdit. 

Currently, this App works for single label segmentation only.

If researchers are interested in using this App, please clone this folder and start the MONAI Label server using:

  > monailabel apps --download --name deepedit --output /workspace/apps/

- Heuristic planner
  
    > Users may want to use the automatic [heuristic planner](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/blob/main/monailabel/utils/others/planner.py) that considers available GPU memory, images shape, 
  > and image spacing of the dataset to set transform/data augmentation hyperparameters. Obtained values from the planner are arguments to the **[./lib/infer.py](./lib/infer.py)** and **[./lib/train.py](./lib/train.py)**

- Network
    > This App uses the DynUNetV1 as the default network. This can be changed in the **main.py** file. 
  > Researchers can define their own network or use one of the listed [here](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/networks.html)  
  
- [Spatial and intensity transformation](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/transforms.html) for pre and post processing
  
  > By default, this App comes with the following transforms to pre process the images and simulate clicks:
  > - [LoadImaged](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/io/array.html#LoadImage) -> Loads both image and label from a dictionary
  > - [RandZoomd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/spatial/dictionary.html#RandZoomd) -> Random zoom to the image and label,
  > - [AddChanneld](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/utility/array.html#AddChannel) -> Add an extra channel to the image and label, 
  > - [Spacingd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/spatial/dictionary.html#Spacingd) -> Resample image and label to a different image space,
  > - [Orientationd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/spatial/dictionary.html#Orientationd) -> Reorient image and labels,
  > - [NormalizeIntensityd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/intensity/dictionary.html#NormalizeIntensityd) -> Normalize intensity of the image,
  > - [RandAdjustContrastd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/intensity/dictionary.html#RandAdjustContrastd) -> This transform randomly changes image intensity by a gamma value, 
  > - [RandHistogramShiftd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/intensity/dictionary.html#RandHistogramShiftd) -> This transfoms applies random nonlinear transform the the image's intensity histogram,
  > - [Resized](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/spatial/dictionary.html#Resized) -> Resample image to a different size,


  Transformations used for the clicks simulation [(DeepGrow App)](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/apps.html)
  > 
  > - [FindAllValidSlicesd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/apps/deepgrow/transforms.html#FindAllValidSlicesd) -> This transform finds/lists all valid slices in the label. Label is assumed to be a 4D Volume with shape CDHW, where C=1,
  > - [AddInitialSeedPointd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/apps/deepgrow/transforms.html#AddInitialSeedPointd) -> This transform adds random guidance as initial seed point for a given label,
  > - [AddGuidanceSignald](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/apps/deepgrow/transforms.html#AddGuidanceSignald) -> This transform adds guidance signal (foreground and background clicks) for input image,

- Training hyperparameters (i.e. Number of epochs, learning rate, validation split, ...)
  > Default values are in [conf argument](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/blob/72574542bcb23fb1eb7973ac35f45b59b0976d17/monailabel/interfaces/app.py#L60)

### Inputs

- 1 channel for the image modality -> Automated mode
- 3 channels (image modality + foreground points + background points) -> Interactive mode

### Output

- 1 channel representing the segmented organ/tumor/tissue

### Structure of the App

- **[./lib/infer.py](./lib/infer.py)** is the script where researchers define the inference class (i.e. type of inferer, pre transforms for inference, etc).
- **[./lib/train.py](./lib/train.py)** is the script to define the pre and post transforms to train the network/model
- **[./lib/activelearning.py](./lib/activelearning.py)** is the file to define the image selection techniques.
- **[./lib/transforms.py](./lib/transforms.py)** is the file to define customised transformations to be used in the App
- **[main.py](./main.py)** is the script to define network architecture, enable the active learning strategy, etc

Commit message:

Update readme for multilabel DeepEdit (#519)
Signed-off-by: Andres <diazandr3s@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: SACHIDANAND ALLE <sachidanand.alle@gmail.com>

sample-apps/deepedit_multilabel/README.md, after:

# DeepEdit Multilabel Default App

### Model Overview

This MONAI Label App is based on DeepEdit: an algorithm that combines the capabilities of multiple models into one, allowing for both interactive and automated segmentation.

DeepEdit App works in both 3DSlicer plugin and OHIF viewer. Researchers/clinicians can also place their studies in either the file archive or a DICOMweb server (i.e. Orthanc) to use DeepEdit. 

This App works for single and multiple label segmentation tasks.

If researchers are interested in using this App, please clone this folder and start the MONAI Label server using:

  > monailabel apps --download --name deepedit_multilabel --output /workspace/apps/


- Network
    > This App uses the DynUNet as the default network. This can be changed in the **main.py** file. 
  > Researchers can define their own network or use one of the listed [here](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/networks.html)  
  
- [Spatial and intensity transformation](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/transforms.html) for pre and post processing
  
  > By default, this App comes with the following transforms to pre process the images and simulate clicks:
  > - [LoadImaged](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/io/array.html#LoadImage) -> Loads both image and label from a dictionary
  > - [RandZoomd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/spatial/dictionary.html#RandZoomd) -> Random zoom to the image and label,
  > - [AddChanneld](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/utility/array.html#AddChannel) -> Add an extra channel to the image and label, 
  > - [Spacingd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/spatial/dictionary.html#Spacingd) -> Resample image and label to a different image space,
  > - [Orientationd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/spatial/dictionary.html#Orientationd) -> Reorient image and labels,
  > - [NormalizeIntensityd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/intensity/dictionary.html#NormalizeIntensityd) -> Normalize intensity of the image,
  > - [RandAdjustContrastd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/intensity/dictionary.html#RandAdjustContrastd) -> This transform randomly changes image intensity by a gamma value, 
  > - [RandHistogramShiftd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/intensity/dictionary.html#RandHistogramShiftd) -> This transfoms applies random nonlinear transform the the image's intensity histogram,
  > - [Resized](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/transforms/spatial/dictionary.html#Resized) -> Resample image to a different size,


  Transformations used for the clicks simulation [(DeepGrow App)](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/apps.html)
  > 
  > - [FindAllValidSlicesd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/apps/deepgrow/transforms.html#FindAllValidSlicesd) -> This transform finds/lists all valid slices in labels. Label is assumed to be a 4D Volume with shape CHWD, where C=1,
  > - [AddInitialSeedPointd](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/apps/deepgrow/transforms.html#AddInitialSeedPointd) -> This transform adds random guidance as initial seed point for the given labels,
  > - [AddGuidanceSignald](https://docs.monai.io/en/latest/_modules/monai/apps/deepgrow/transforms.html#AddGuidanceSignald) -> This transform adds guidance signal (labels and background clicks) for input image,

- Training hyperparameters (i.e. Number of epochs, learning rate, validation split, ...)
  > Default values are in [conf argument](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/MONAILabel/blob/72574542bcb23fb1eb7973ac35f45b59b0976d17/monailabel/interfaces/app.py#L60)

### Inputs

- 1 channel for the image modality -> Automated mode
- 1+N channels (image modality + points for N labels including background) -> Interactive mode

### Output

- N channels representing the segmented organs/tumors/tissues

### Structure of the App

- **[./lib/infer.py](./lib/infer.py)** is the script where researchers define the inference class (i.e. type of inferer, pre transforms for inference, etc).
- **[./lib/train.py](./lib/train.py)** is the script to define the pre and post transforms to train the network/model
- **[./lib/activelearning.py](./lib/activelearning.py)** is the file to define the image selection techniques.
- **[./lib/transforms.py](./lib/transforms.py)** is the file to define customised transformations to be used in the App
- **[main.py](./main.py)** is the script to define network architecture, enable the active learning strategy, etc
