sample-apps/README.md, before:

# Available MONAI Label Apps

### Overview

In this folder you will find examples of the **three available paradigms** across Radiology and Pathology use-cases: Two interactive (DeepGrow, DeepEdit) and one for automated segmentation.

## [Radiology](./radiology)

This app has example models to do both interactive and automated segmentation over radiology (3D) images.
If you are developing any examples related to radiology, you should refer this app.  It has examples for following 3 types of model.
- DeepEdit (Interactive + Auto Segmentation)
  - Spleen, Liver, Kidney, etc...
- Deepgrow (Interactive)
  - Any Organ/Tissue but pretrained to work well on Spleen, Liver, Kidney, etc...
- Segmentation (Auto Segmentation)
  - Spleen, Liver, Kidney, etc...


## [Pathology](./pathology)

This app has example models to do both interactive and automated segmentation over pathology (WSI) images.
If you are developing any examples related to pathology, you should refer this app.  It has examples for following 2 types of model.
- DeepEdit (Interactive + Auto Segmentation)
  - Nuclei Segmentation
- Segmentation (Auto Segmentation)
  - Nuclei multi-label segmentation for
    - Neoplastic cells
    - Inflammatory
    - Connective/Soft tissue cells
    - Dead Cells
    - Epithelial


### Deprecated Apps
Following apps are deprecated/removed.  It is recommended to use [Radiology](./radiology) and [Pathology](./pathology) apps for reference.

##### ~~DeepGrow~~

##### ~~DeepEdit~~

##### ~~Segmentation~~

Commit message:

Integration of MONAI Bundle (#880)
* suppport monai bundle

Signed-off-by: Sachidanand Alle <sachidanand.alle@gmail.com>

* fix for training

Signed-off-by: Sachidanand Alle <sachidanand.alle@gmail.com>

* code cleanup

Signed-off-by: Sachidanand Alle <sachidanand.alle@gmail.com>

* Support multi-gpu training + Fix docs

Signed-off-by: Sachidanand Alle <sachidanand.alle@gmail.com>

* Fix readme

Signed-off-by: Sachidanand Alle <sachidanand.alle@gmail.com>

sample-apps/README.md, after:

# Available MONAI Label Apps

### Overview

In this folder you will find examples of the **three available paradigms** across Radiology and Pathology use-cases: Two interactive (DeepGrow, DeepEdit) and one for automated segmentation.

## [Radiology](./radiology)

This app has example models to do both interactive and automated segmentation over radiology (3D) images.
If you are developing any examples related to radiology, you should refer this app.  It has examples for following 3 types of model.
- DeepEdit (Interactive + Auto Segmentation)
  - Spleen, Liver, Kidney, etc...
- Deepgrow (Interactive)
  - Any Organ/Tissue but pretrained to work well on Spleen, Liver, Kidney, etc...
- Segmentation (Auto Segmentation)
  - Spleen, Liver, Kidney, etc...


## [Pathology](./pathology)

This app has example models to do both interactive and automated segmentation over pathology (WSI) images.
If you are developing any examples related to pathology, you should refer this app.  It has examples for following 2 types of model.
- DeepEdit (Interactive + Auto Segmentation)
  - Nuclei Segmentation
- Segmentation (Auto Segmentation)
  - Nuclei multi-label segmentation for
    - Neoplastic cells
    - Inflammatory
    - Connective/Soft tissue cells
    - Dead Cells
    - Epithelial


## [MONAI Bundle](./monaibundle)

This app has example models to do both interactive and automated segmentation using monai-bundles defined in [MONAI ZOO](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/model-zoo/tree/dev/models).
It can pull any bundle defined in the zoo if it is compatible and follows the checklist as defined [here](./monaibundle).
